chore(README.md): change the order the instalation guide appears and add advise about specific ruby and node versions. (#12293)
openfoodfoundation/openfoodnetwork: GETTING_STARTED.md

Head to our wiki on [Learning Rails](https://github.com/openfoodfoundation/openfoodnetwork/wiki/Learning-Rails) to find some good starting points.

### Requirements

> The fastest way to make it work locally is to use Docker, you only need to setup git, see the [Docker setup guide](docker/README.md).

Reviewer: I am in favour of keeping the Docker setup mention, it should still allow you to setup a local environment. The docker README does mention the limitations, and who knows maybe someone will come along and fix the docker setup !

Reviewer 2: Good point. But the limitation is pretty limiting (not able to run system specs), so it's probably better to move to the bottom of the section, and mention that it has limitations.

    git fetch upstream master

> ### Instalation

Reviewer 2: Spelling: 
```suggestion
### Installation
```

This project needs specific ruby/bundler versions as well as node/yarn specific versions. For a local setup you will need:

* Install or change your Ruby version according to the one specified at [.ruby-version](https://github.com/openfoodfoundation/openfoodnetwork/blob/master/.ruby-version) file)

>     - To manage versions, it's recommended to use [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv) or [RVM](https://rvm.io/)

Reviewer: our setup script uses `rbenv` to try install the correct version of ruby, I would remove mention of `RVM` here.

Reviewer 2: Agreed, although you could use RVM or other method, we don't need to suggest it or try to support it.

> * Install or change Node version according to the one specified at [.node-version](https://github.com/openfoodfoundation/openfoodnetwork/blob/master/.node-version)
>     - [nodevn](https://github.com/nodenv/nodenv) is recommended as a node version manager.

Reviewer 2: The setup script will now fail with error if `nodenv` is not installed (https://github.com/openfoodfoundation/openfoodnetwork/commit/09a24b0f1f0ae98ff58a4f6e3b10a253902d5ca4).

So I think it's safe to say it's officially required:
```suggestion
* Install [nodenv](https://github.com/nodenv/nodenv) to ensure the correct [.node-version](https://github.com/openfoodfoundation/openfoodnetwork/blob/master/.node-version) is used.
```

Have you had any problems with using `nodenv`?
If `nodenv` is not a suitable solution for all environments, we could consider making the script more flexible to allow any node version manager (like we do for ruby [here](https://github.com/openfoodfoundation/openfoodnetwork/blob/master/script/setup#L20-L28)).

    git fetch upstream master

### Installation

This project needs specific ruby/bundler versions as well as node/yarn specific versions. For a local setup you will need:

* Install or change your Ruby version according to the one specified at [.ruby-version](https://github.com/openfoodfoundation/openfoodnetwork/blob/master/.ruby-version) file.
    - To manage versions, it's recommended to use [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv).
* Install [nodenv](https://github.com/nodenv/nodenv) to ensure the correct [.node-version](https://github.com/openfoodfoundation/openfoodnetwork/blob/master/.node-version) is used.
    - [nodevn](https://github.com/nodenv/nodenv) is recommended as a node version manager.
* PostgreSQL database
* Redis (for background jobs)
* Chrome (for testing)

The following guides will provide OS-specific step-by-step instructions to get these requirements installed:
- [Ubuntu Setup Guide][ubuntu]
- [Debian Setup Guide][debian]
- [OSX Setup Guide][osx]

For those new to Rails, the following tutorial will help get you up to speed with configuring a [Rails environment](http://guides.rubyonrails.org/getting_started.html).

> Another way to make it work locally would be using Docker. See the [Docker setup guide](docker/README.md). You will need to setup git and others aditional steps.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Another way to make it work locally would be using Docker. See the [Docker setup guide](docker/README.md).
```

I think that we can take Git for granted since the code is hosted on Github. And the Docker readme should contain all needed steps without us needing to mention it here. There was also a little typo in that sentence.

This will create the "ofn" user as superuser and allowing it to create databases. If this command fails, check the [troubleshooting section](#creating-the-database) for an alternative.

> Next, it is _strongly recommended_ to run the setup script. This script assumes your ruby version manager is [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv). Make sure ruby and node versions match the project requirements and run:

Reviewer: > Make sure ruby and node versions match the project requirements and run: 

I wonder if this is necessary ?  the setup script will check that and try install the correct ruby/node version if needed.
